Candace Cox
CL0 Notes
Purpose: to discuss thoughts and findings regarding CL0 in the seq command implementation


2)  From the CL0 spec, it looks like I will need two or three error checks. A check to ensure two arguments are accepted and both are of integer value and a check to make sure the integers are input in ascending order, which will probably be included in the if statement in the main part of this implementation. I don't currently have any concerns or questions but that may change once I get going. 

3)  As of Monday at 1pm, I am working on getting redmine working. I had to talk to the cat to get my account going, so I did my assignment on my own git page, github.com/cbcox/seq this is public so anyone can see it. 
	**Update** Thanks to the Cat and my software engineer friend, I got redmine working and was able to upload my files to the repository

4)  This is the first time I have done any unit testing, and I have to say it was great to start thinking about what the program would need and what checks needed to be in the program ahead of time.

5)  The pseudocode is pretty straight forward, I started with the argument checks and then filled out the sequence function itself. This will be my first Python program, so I wrote the pseudocode according to what I might do in any language.

6)  There was one thing I changed from the pseudocode to the real code, and that was the second if statement, in Python you use try exceptions to test if a variable is an int. The link to stack overflow where I found the information on this is in my code. 
    Overall, Python was very straight forward. I used the documentation online at docs.python.org for a lot of the syntax info as well as tutorialspoint.com/python. The only debugging I had to do was from syntax, which is expected with a new language. The biggest issue I had was from the user input being turned into a string in the seq function. I finally solved it by converting each to base 10 when I called them in the function.   
